docs: Update README.md and add architecture-diagram.png (#38)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-ecommerce-microservices-on-gke: README.md

> # terraform-ecommerce-microservices-on-gke

Author: The formal name (used by the [solution guide](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/application-development/ecommerce-microservices) and [JSS Console page](https://console.cloud.google.com/products/solutions/catalog)) of this JSS is:
```
Ecommerce web app deployed on Kubernetes
```
Let me know if you'd prefer to use that title here.

Reviewer: I personally would prefer title--  What was reasoning behind the repo slug instead?

Author: To clarify, there are 3 options:
1.  `terraform-ecommerce-microservices-on-gke` - the name of the repo
2. `Terraform Ecommerce Microservices on GKE` - what the title used to be
3. `Ecommerce web app deployed on Kubernetes` - the formal and final name of the JSS

I want to avoid using **2** because it can cause confusion (not just amongst users, but also amongst Googlers working on JSS 8.1 and 8.2). See [Googler-internal Chat thread here](https://chat.google.com/room/AAAAxW7bZ00/4j1MryC0MG0) and [this Google-internal Doc comment](https://screenshot.googleplex.com/AYYTpoGHMydXhh4.png).

You mentioned:
> I personally would prefer title ...

I assume you're referring to either **2** _or_ **3**, so I will go with **3**. :)

> This GitHub repository contains the Terraform and Kubernetes YAML used by Google Cloud Jump Start Solution, [_Ecommerce web app deployed on Kubernetes_](https://cloud.google.com/products/solutions/details/ecomm-microservices).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This GitHub repository contains the Terraform and Kubernetes YAML used by the Jump Start Solution (JSS) entitled [_Ecommerce web app deployed on Kubernetes_](https://cloud.google.com/products/solutions/details/ecomm-microservices), available on Google Cloud.
```

> The [Deploy this solution](#deploy-this-solution) section below contains a brief summary of how you can deploy this solution to your Google Cloud project. For more detailed instructions including troubleshooting guidance, see the [solution guide on cloud.google.com](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/application-development/ecommerce-microservices).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Deploy this solution](#deploy-this-solution) section below contains a brief summary of how you can deploy this solution to your Google Cloud project. For more detailed instructions including troubleshooting guidance, see the [solution guide](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/application-development/ecommerce-microservices).
```

1. **Single Redis _cart_ database**: The items in users' carts are managed in a single Redis databases, only deployed to a US cluster — for data consistency.

<img src="./.github/architectural-diagram.png" alt="Architectural diagram showing the Cymbal Shops application's microservices deployed into 2 GKE clusters — one in the US, and one in Europe. A third cluster in the US contains Kubernetes resources for MultiClusterIngress and MultiClusterService." height="650" />

To learn more about the deployed infrastructure, read the [solution guide on cloud.google.com](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/application-development/ecommerce-microservices).

## Deploy this solution

The best way to deploy this solution is through the [Jump Start Solutions page](https://console.cloud.google.com/products/solutions/details/ecomm-microservices) on Google Cloud Console. But if you specifically want to deploy the Terraform inside this git branch or commit, follow the instructions below.

### Prerequisites

> * Your environment will need:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A terminal environment with the following CLI tools available:
```

  * `terraform`
  * `gcloud`

> * **Do not** deploy this solution into a Google Cloud project that's already using [Multi Cluster Ingress](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/multi-cluster-ingress#architecture).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A Google Cloud project that is **not** currently using a [Multi Cluster Ingress](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/multi-cluster-ingress#architecture).
```
